Hey everyone and thanks for jumping back
into the cryptoverse.
Today we're going to talk about Bitcoin
and we're going to be discussing
something I've talked about six years
ago which is dynamic DCA and it is what
I use to navigate buying and selling
Bitcoin. If you guys like the content,
make sure you subscribe to the channel.
Give the video a thumbs up and also
check out the sale on Into the
Cryptoverse Premium at into the
cryptoverse.com.
Let's go ahead and jump in. So, there's
two separate things that we have to make
sure that everyone understands. There is
a difference between being right and
making money.
That might sound crazy, but there is a
huge difference between the two. And the
longer you are in the markets, the more
you will realize that for yourself.
Right now, there's always a lot of
discussion as to where Bitcoin will
bottom out in terms of price. But at the
end of the day, in a few years, none of
that's really going to matter. The point
is is who took action and who did not,
not who got it right. And I want to be
clear that one of the biggest mistakes
that investors make is they spend a lot
of time overanalyzing stuff and trying
to time the exact bottom when most of
the money is not made trying to time the
exact bottom. The majority of money of
that is made is usually just in the
middle of trends when you just trade the
trend that you have in front of you. So
what I want to do in this video is
provide an update to a video that I put
out six years ago. Six years ago, we
actually had very similar market
conditions to what we have today. I know
that might sound crazy, but it is. I
have compared this post apathetic top
digestion phase to 2019 a number of
times and I stand by that assessment
because Bitcoin topped on apathy and not
euphoria. There was no rotation into
altcoins. Bitcoin topped two months
before quantitative tightening. In both
cases, the Fed cut interest rates three
times in 2019 just like they did in
2025.
It's all very similar. So, because of
that, let's revisit
what was a successful strategy back
then, right? And it starts with this
risk metric. This risk metric was
developed five or six years ago. I think
six years ago. the earliest video I
could find on it without digging too
hard. I mean there might be one slightly
before this one. It was called Bitcoin
risk analysis using machine learning. I
put this one out six years ago. As you
can see the time stamp on the video was
six years ago and I went through the
strategy of how I bought Bitcoin, right?
I went through that strategy and I went
through the strategy of how I sold
Bitcoin. I don't do it exactly how I how
I said it back then now. Uh but I still
operate in a very similar fashion.
So let's talk about this chart. Before
we talk about the chart, let me just get
you guys to understand what we're
looking at. This chart right here is the
same thing as the one you see way back
over here. It's the same exact thing.
All right.
When you look at this chart, you'll
notice that there's the blue line, which
is the price of Bitcoin, and the orange
line, which is the risk. And the risk in
this case is developed based on the
Bitcoin price alone accounting for
diminishing returns from one cycle to
another. The point is is that there is
no guarantee that every rally is a
euphoric one. We saw that in 2019. We
also saw that in 2025. So what I said
back then was because we can't know that
every rally is a euphoric one. One thing
that you could do is when you get above
the 0.5 risk level between say 0.5 and 6
risk what I said I did back then was I
would sell why.
What does that mean? What does it mean
why? Well, what I said what I said was
that if you take your entire Bitcoin
position
and divide it into 15s,
what I said was that I would sell
115th between.5 and 6, two 15s between 6
and 7, 31 15 between 7 and 08, 4 between
08 and 0.9, and 51 15 or 1/3 of my
Bitcoin between 0.9 9 and1 risk. That
was the idea.
And I bought Bitcoin in the opposite
fashion. Let's say I wanted to DCA in a
certain amount of US dollars into
Bitcoin each month. Okay? Let's say it
was $100. Let's say I want to put $100
into Bitcoin every week, but I want to
increase that if times get tough in
terms of the market, right? like if if
markets go down, I want to increase that
if possible. So what I talked about was
that if Bitcoin goes to between 04 to.5
risk, I would buy say $100 worth of
Bitcoin that time that I DCA maybe. So
that month, $100 worth of Bitcoin. And
if we went down to.3 to point4 risk and
it came down for me to buy and it came
time for me to buy Bitcoin again, I
would then buy $200 worth of Bitcoin.
And then when it went down to 0 2 to.3,
I would buy 300. And if it went down to
0.1 to 0, I'd buy $400 worth. And if it
went all the way down, that's where I
would I would put in $500. The hard part
about it is it requires a lot of
discipline and a lot of patience because
a lot of people just want to throw
everything they have at the market and
usually they want to do that at the end
of post having years. But the reality is
that if you just started DCAing when the
markets got lower, then you could make a
decent amount of money. At least that's
what happened back then. It didn't
matter if you timed it perfectly. As
long as you DCAD for a year or two, you
could then enjoy the spoils of the bull
market. That was the argument I made
back then. and and I I spent a lot of
time convincing people why it didn't
matter timing the bottom.
I then talked about the video again,
this idea with another video that was
also put out six years ago, risk
management with buying and selling and
talking about how one of the most
one of the easiest strategies was just
buying Bitcoin anytime it goes below 0.2
risk, dcaing Bitcoin anytime it goes
below 0.2 to risk and
stop over complicating it. All right. So
these charts that you see here are what
we essentially have today. Right? So
back then we were sort of playing around
with different different things. Uh but
the model you know sort of the model
that we have um looks like this. Okay.
And or sorry this is yeah this is the
one right now. The Bitcoin risk is
according to that model that we
published you know according to this
model right here that was published back
in you know 2019 2020 time frame
the current risk is 0 296 that's where
the current risk is so if you wanted to
let's say DCA Bitcoin and in these days
I'm more riskaverse I don't I don't DCA
Bitcoin below 0.5 risk uh so what I did
right. What I did was uh two cycles ago
when I made that video I DCA below 0.5
and then last cycle I DCA below point4
and then this cycle I think it makes the
most amount of sense for me to DCA
below.3.
Okay. And we're we're just below uh.3
risk right now. Right. We're at 0 296.
And with things like the supply the the
supply of profit and loss for Bitcoin
crossing, we must be aware that the
market cycle bottom historically comes
within the next 1 to four months, right?
It is not my objective to time the
bottom.
The post I put out talking about that
stuff is more of an academic exercise
because there's a difference between
being right and making money. There is.
And that is a lesson you will learn if
you're in the markets long enough. There
is a difference between being right and
making money. And so my argument is
this. For me, let's say as an example
that I want to put in
X amount of month, but in this case, I'm
splitting it up into six. So like I
would put in let's say my weekly DCA or
let's call it my monthly DCA is $100,
right? All right, let's say I put $100
into the market in June because we're
between 02 and.3 and this cycle I want
to DCA below.3 risk. Okay, so let's say
I put $100 in. And next month, let's say
Bitcoin is still between.3 and point4
risk. I'd put $100 in again. But let's
say that come September, we drop down to
between 0.1 and 2 risk. then I would put
in $200. And if we go all the way down
to the lows 0 to 0.1, then I would put
in $300 that month. So that by doing
that,
I've weighted my buys at lower prices.
That doesn't mean it's a bad idea to buy
Bitcoin at.3 risk, right? Like if you
give it enough time, you're going to
look back and realize that, hey, like
that probably was actually a pretty good
price, even if it didn't feel like it at
the time, right? Like when when we were
at.3 risk in 2018 and we went down,
yeah, it felt pretty bad at the time
buying Bitcoin at 6K when it fell to 3K,
but then a few months later, it just
didn't matter. In 2022, did it feel bad
buying Bitcoin at 40K or 38K when then
it fell down to 20K or 15K? Yeah. But
then a few months later, it just didn't
matter. And in 2014 when Bitcoin fell
down to $4500, did it feel bad when it
crashed to less than 200? Absolutely.
But, you know, a few months later, it
just didn't really matter anymore. And
and predicting the exact low was kind of
irrelevant, right?
Dynamic DCA, I think, is the way to go.
That way, when you're trending in a bull
market, right? Okay, when you're
trending in a bull market and the risk
level is say between like 3.4 because it
can stay there a really long period of
time, you can still, you know, put money
into the market if you're if you're sort
of wanting to buy up to that risk level,
but a smaller amount, maybe a smaller
amount than what you would have during
the market cycle bottom. That way you're
still DCAing, but you know that your
cost basis is going to remain relatively
low because you put a lot more in at the
actual when we actually have these big
drops. I've talked about October being
the most likely time frame for a low for
Bitcoin for a while. But again, the
reality is is no one knows when the lows
actually going to occur. And my point is
it doesn't matter. What matters is when
we go to low risk levels, do you
capitalize on it or do you freeze and
don't know what to do? So,
one thing I realized back then as well
that was a mistake. And by the way, I
created this because I was sort of doing
something similar to it in the 2016 2017
bull run. Um, but not not really in a in
a concrete mathematical sense. It was
more of like how I felt like all right
it feels like the prices are low or it
feels like the prices are high and that
doesn't work out as well as if you just
follow a rigorous mathematical model
that says hey this is what this is what
where Bitcoin is currently based on
historical data and based on this this
is what I want to put into the market
and so what I find is during times like
now the summer of midterm years this is
the best time to really develop these
strategies Because when the market is
really boring, not really doing a whole
lot, you can think clearly. When the
market is shooting upwards in the future
and it's euphoric, you can't think
clearly. Or if the market is dropping a
lot, you can't really think clearly. So
what you have to do to be successful in
my opinion is to come up with a strategy
now so that you're not you're not later
on you're not scrambling to figure out
what to do. And that's the point. And I
told you guys at the at the end of last
year, just ignore Bitcoin for the first
half of the midterm year. Just ignore it
because all the counter trend rallies
are going to get sold off. But now that
we're approaching the back half of the
midterm year, you could argue that the
accumulation phase is is is starting.
Okay? And oftentimes what I've did what
I did in both 2018 and in 2022 is I
started accumulating Bitcoin after the
June low. Right? So after the June low
is when I bought and I just DCA. In 2018
I bought Bitcoin and I like an like an
idiot. I also bought a lot of altcoins
and the Fed bailed me out on those
altcoins.
Thank you to our my friends at the Fed
and and you know what's a few trillion
dollars among friends? But they bailed
me out, right? They bailed out my dumb
decisions. And what happened is that
when the bull market came back, Bitcoin
led the euphoric rally and Bitcoin
dominance went to new all-time highs.
And the altcoins I bought, for the most
part, with the exception of like one of
them, for the most part, they all bled
to Bitcoin until that euphoric rally.
In 2022, I started buying Bitcoin after
the June low. So, in this cycle, I look
back at 2018 and 2022 and I say, you
know what, it worked out. then I can't
guarantee that it's going to work out
again. But if it's not broke, why fix
it, right? So my strategy
in this case, uh I was even wearing a
college shirt in that in that in that
back in that time. Um but in in the
current cycle
what I say is what about the idea of
just simply DCAing Bitcoin below.3 risk.
Now that doesn't mean that's what you
have to do. I think for a lot of people
it would make sense to DCA below point4
risk or.5 risk. But as time goes on I'm
less interested in like you know top
blasting higher prices. I'd rather just
put what I want into the market, a lot
of what I want into the market near the
end of the midterm year and the early
part of the pre-h having year and and
then just let it rock and roll, you
know, and and and and not chase it as as
the rally continues. What's difficult is
inevitably if we do get a bull market,
people will then come in the bull market
to the channel and be like, "All right,
should I buy Bitcoin?" I'm like, "Well,
I bought it in the midterm year or in
the early phases of the post the pre-h
having year. You can buy it if you want
to, but I'm not buying it." And then
what'll happen is then a lot of people
will then dunk on me because they'll be
like, "Oh, well, Ben's not buying it.
He's bearish." But in reality, the time
to buy it was in the midterm year or in
the pre-h having year. Okay, so that is
the simplest strategy, right? Is it
really a bad thing? Like, think about
it. Think about the guys that just
bought Bitcoin anytime it capitulated
below 0.2 risk,
you know, and and just lump summed time.
Like, was that a bad strategy?
No. But you would go years in between
without buying anything. But as long as
you can do that and not feel like you're
missing out, then who cares, right? Like
it's not a bad strategy. The issue is if
you only sell at 0.9 risk,
there will be bull markets like 2019 and
like 2025 where you don't go to the
euphoric areas because monetary policy
kind of allows Bitcoin to top out on
apathy rather than euphoria and there's
just not retail investors coming back
into the space. So we've seen that we
saw that happen in 2019 and in 2025. We
have two great examples of it. If you
look at, you know, similar types of risk
metrics colorcoded,
look at this price colorcoded by the
risk.
This shows you that this whole bull
market was similar to the 2019 one where
it topped on apathy and then it came
back down and then after this
postappathetic top digestion phase we
then had a euphoric rally. So I think
we're kind of somewhere in this in this
range over here and it just happens to
be that the postappathetic top digestion
phase in 2019 just happens to line up
with the midterm year. So, the four-year
cycle wins again.
Is it a coincidence? I don't know. I
don't really care, right? It just it
wins again.
So,
when I look at this chart, I say, "All
right, how much time does Bitcoin spend
in these wristbands?" How much time?
Bitcoin spends the most amount of its
time in the 3 to point 4 wristband.
Remember, right now we're in the 0 2
to.3 wristband.
Out of all of Bitcoin's history, Bitcoin
has spent only about 14.73%
of its time in the current wristband. It
has spent 12.5% of its time between 0.1
and 0.2 risk. And it has only spent
2.34%
of its time between zero and 0.1 risk.
Out of all the days that Bitcoin has
been around, it has only spent 135 days
in the lowest risk band. Only 135 days.
So, what does that mean? It means that
when you do get drops to those levels,
they tend to come and go and people
don't buy them. And there's again,
there's no guarantee you go down there.
We did go down there in 2018. We went
down there on an intraday wick in 2020.
It didn't happen on the daily close, but
it did happen on the intraday wick. Um I
believe um maybe not actually. Maybe we
got really really close. We got really
close to it. It was like 0.13.12
risk or something like that. We got
really close. There's no guarantee you
go down to 0.1 risk, right? Like the
last time we did was 2018. But my point
is this. If we were to go down there,
would you actually buy or would you get
scared and not buy because you're
worried about something else happening?
I would be a bigger buyer at those
levels. So, I think dynamic DCA beats
out DCA if you have patience, right? If
you have long-term patience, if you know
yourself and you know that you can't
just put in a $100 or whatever your ex
is, right? Right? If it's $100 a month
or $1,000 a month or 10,000, whatever it
is, if you know that you're just burning
a that money's burning a hole in your
pocket and you just got to get in the
market, then DCA might be better for you
than dynamic DCA. But if you can kind of
sit on a small cash position through the
midterm year while slowly DCAing in,
then I find that dynamic DCA actually
ends up working a lot better. Let me
give you an example. All right, let me
give you an example.
This is a Bitcoin DCA simulation tool.
If you want access to this tool, go to
into the cryptoverse.com
and sign up for the free tier.
This DCA tool is is free for DCAing
equal amounts. If you want to do the
dynamic DCA, I don't know if that's on
the free tier or not, but if you want to
just DCA equal amounts,
you can go look, you can go play around
with this stuff, right? Okay? And you
can look at a lot of different assets.
You can see how it would have performed.
Let's say you bought $30.30
worth of Bitcoin every week and you
bought it every Monday starting in 2014.
How that have worked out and through
today, you would have purchased $18,31
worth of Bitcoin. Over that time, you
would have accumulated 11.2 Bitcoin. And
today your portfolio value would be
about $75,000.
Right? All you did was you bought
Bitcoin every Monday
and you put in $30.
Why Monday?
We're going to get to this chart later.
Why Monday? It's a good question.
We have this chart on the website as
well that shows you the best day to DCA
various assets, right? So, you can
actually come in here and change the
asset to a lot of different
cryptocurrencies and stocks and
commodities and indices and and forex
and all that stuff. Historically, the
best day to buy Bitcoin is on Monday.
Historically.
Why is that? Well, Bitcoin generally
trends up with time. And usually buying
earlier in the week is is the best time
to buy. The same thing is true for the
stock market. If you were to flip this
over to the stock market, the S&P 500
and again looking at data for a long
time, the best day to DCA by far is
Monday. The y-axis here shows you the
average extension from the 7-day simple
moving average. So on Monday, it's not
as extended as it is every other day of
the week, which is why Monday is the
best day to to buy
for Bitcoin.
really it's like like Sunday night,
Monday morning often has better returns
than if you bought every say like
Wednesday or something. Um, and we could
even test that, right? Like I mean, why
why just blow smoke and and talk about
it hypothetically? Look at this. Okay,
if you bought every Monday, you've
invested 18.3K over the last 12 years,
your valuation of your portfolio is now
705,000.
if you did it every Wednesday,
690,000.
So it it it would have made a
difference, right? About a $15,000
difference. And and so it would have
made a difference if you you know, if
you did it if you DCA on Wednesday
instead of of Monday. But what we're
going to do now is we're going to say,
all right, that's an equal weight DCA.
You're putting in $30 a week no matter
what. Now
again, total invested 18.3K.
Now, dynamic DCA
in this case, you have to change your X
amount because it's it's dynamic. It
changes. You're some weeks you're
putting in 30, but you might you might
put in 61 or or 90. You might put in
more other weeks if you if you see it,
you know, go further down the risk
levels. Now, if you do that,
we have to change our X to 100. And you
can see you're putting in the same
amount, $18.3,000.
Why is it the same amount? Why is it the
same amount if you're putting in more
per week and even putting in $300 if it
goes all the way down to the lows in the
risk measure? The reason why is because
we have it set, you're only accumulating
up to.3 risk. Meaning anytime it goes
above that, I'm not buying Bitcoin at
all. So the D the equal weight DCA,
you're putting in $30 a week no matter
what. Right? in in Bitcoin could be, you
know, you're everyone could be talking
about Bitcoin. The taxi driver is asking
you about it. You go get a haircut,
they're asking you about it. Everyone's
talking about it. Your grandmother's
calling you up asking you what Bitcoin
is and you're still buying no matter
what. That's why your weekly DCA has to
be lower in order to put in the same
amount of money because you're always
putting it in. If you're not always
putting it in the market and you're just
simply buying when we're at a low risk
level, then your DCA goes up, right? So,
you accumulate cash position the end of
the post having year. You then start to
deploy that at the end of the midterm
year or at least sort of the second half
of the midterm year after the June low.
If you do that, your X amount can be
higher and you're still accumulating.
You're still spending the same amount
since 2014, but instead of your
portfolio being worth $700,000
is now worth almost $2.1 million.
That's the difference. That's the
difference if you have the patience to
dynamic DCA.
Again, a lot of people don't have that
patience. And I, you know, like I
there's been times in my life when I
wouldn't have had that patience. Like
when I was in my 20s, I certainly
wouldn't have had that patience. I did
not create this risk metric until six
years ago. And six years ago, I was 30
years old. So, it it took until my late
20s to even have this concept, to sort
of think about it in the 2016, 2017 bull
market. I didn't talk about it publicly
until I was 30 years old. If I was 20
years old, 21, 22, 23, I'd have been top
blasting the highs and buying every
altcoin you could name. I'm very
fortunate that I did not have a YouTube
channel when I was 22 because if I had I
I fear that my reputation might be a
little bit different to be completely
honest. But we grow up, right? We
mature. We we adjust the way we invest
and you know the best day to buy Bitcoin
historically is Monday. If you look at
the dynamic DCA, you can see the
benefits that it has. But the only way
you can use it is if you're not top
blasting the highs at the end of post
having years calling for a super cycle,
right? If you're calling for a super
cycle and you're just putting all your
money in the market, well then how are
you going to put your money in the
market when the market actually goes
down? And this is the issue that a lot
of I I see a lot of influencers have on
on Twitter and YouTube is they're always
bullish, right? They're always telling
you the market's going to go up. And
look, there's nothing wrong with being a
permab bull as long as you recognize
that you're a cheerleader. But the
problem is that if you tell people
Bitcoin's going to 300K in 2025 and 2026
and then the market drops and you're
like, "Oh, well, I'm buying more." With
what? Right? Like with what? If you
truly thought it was going to 300K, you
know, how do you have that much cash
just sitting around ready to buy more?
So the argument is that for some people
that might work if they're bringing in a
lot of money if they have a really high
income stream. But for a lot of people
they don't have that luxury. You know,
if you if you convince them that Bitcoin
is going to go to a million dollars in 5
years, why would they wait around for
the for the midterm year to play out?
They just want to get in now, you know,
or get in at the highs. They would top
blasting 120K because everyone told them
it was going to 200. So when the market
drops to 60 like it did in February and
then bounced back to 83, everyone on
Twitter was dunking on me.
But most of them were bullish at 120,
you know? So I'm like, look, what did
you even buy with when it went to 60K if
you were if you were permable posting at
120? So if you can have the discipline
to not top blast the highs at the end of
the post having year and to start
getting a cash position to then deploy
in the second half of the midterm year
then you can employ the dynamic DCA
strategy which I think has a lot of
benefits
and the beauty of it
is that it doesn't matter if you have a
different risk tolerance than me. Maybe
you decide, you know what, Ben's too too
riskaverse. To hell with DCA up to point
three risk. I want to DCA up to point4,
you know, and I'll put in a lot more
money and I'll take on more risk. You
can do that, right? You can absolutely
do that. But that's the beauty of it is
that there's not a right answer. It's
not like, you know, and you can see how
it's adjusted the the where you buy,
right? You buy a 100 at at between.3 and
04, 200 between point uh 2 to.3 uh 300
between 0.1 to point 2 and then 400
between 0 and.1. And if you DCA monthly,
that's just what I did. Again, not this
is not financial advice. This is just
strategies that I found that worked for
me. That doesn't mean they're always
going to work, but it's strategies that
have worked for me. And I think for this
cycle,
I think DCAing up to.3 risk
makes a lot of sense. You know, it makes
a lot of sense because now I can look
back at this Bitcoin chart and say, you
know what,
I avoided a lot of the losses in the
first eight months of the bare market. I
can start to deploy
throughout the second half of the
midterm year. I'm still gonna be there
talking about like where the low might
be, but there is a difference between
being right and making money. If if
Bitcoin bottoms earlier than October or
later than October, I'm not going to be
sitting there like trying to time the
exact bottom. Why is that? I have five
kids, you know, I have a life. I don't
have time to just like, you know, just
like I can't sell the exact top, I can't
buy the exact bottom. And the reality is
even if you're right and Bitcoin goes
lower, what if you're sleeping when it
goes lower? Maybe you have a limit order
set, but you know, sometimes they don't
always get filled. Um, and furthermore,
do you really want to leave, you know, a
lot of money just sitting around on
different exchanges waiting for limit
orders to may or may not get filled. So
that's why for me DCA works out a lot
better, right? It is the winning
strategy in crypto, right? Like it
really is. And I find dynamic DCA to be
even better, right? I find that one to
be even better. Now, this is this this
is this risk metric. And then maybe
three years ago,
uh I sort of upgraded this to a
different one. I still use this one a
lot, but there's another one that we
created because this one is a summary
risk metric and it incorporates the
price risk, which is part of what you
just saw. It incorporates onchain risk
and it incorporates social risk. So you
can see the price risk is the total
market cap risk, Bitcoin risk, total
market cap and trend line, this corridor
I created and the fear and greed index.
And the the onchain risk is made up of
the peel multiple, the market value to
to realize value, the MVRVZ score,
transaction fees, terminal price, market
cap to thermal cap ratio, and the minor
cap to thermal cap ratio. And then
social risk is made up of Google trends,
the Coinbase app ranking, uh YouTube
subscribers and views to various crypto
analysts on Twi on YouTube, and then uh
Twitter followers to analyst exchanges
and layer 1's on Twitter or X, but I'm
sorry, it's Twitter. Okay, it's Twitter.
And when you do that, you get these
different gauges. You have your price
risk, your onchain risk, and your social
risk. And if you combine all of them
into a single risk metric, you get what
I call the summary risk.
And it looks like this, right? I mean,
it looks pretty similar to this other
one. Uh, but, you know, I think it's a
little bit more helpful. And it also
shows you that it was similar to 2019 in
terms of how this played out. And you
can see that in 2011 and in 2015 and in
2018 we went down to below 0.1 risk. We
didn't last cycle. But there's a reason
we didn't last cycle. We did if you
ignore the onchain risk. So if you take
if you turn or sorry if you turn the
social risk off. If you ignore the
social risk, you turn that off. We did
go down there below 0.1. You see that?
But the social risk remained high last
cycle. And I think it was because people
were tuning in to watch the FTX train
wreck. So the summary risk didn't quite
go down as far. Right now it's at the
same level it was at back in 2022.
But the difference between now and 2022
is the social risk
is actually further down than it was
back then. Right? So, if the market were
to continue to stay like this for the
rest of the year um and and kind of just
drift lower, you can see how if even if
you just want to use the price and
onchain risk combined, you can see how
every cycle they go to about that 0.1
risk level and then it reverses out of
it and then the next bull market begins.
That doesn't mean it has to go that low.
In 2020 again during a similar business
cycle conditions we only went down to
you know 0.135.
But for me this chart is a great chart.
I made a I made a change though to how I
how I did stuff back then.
It was stupid now that I think about it.
Back then I would buy you know from 0 to
0.5 risk and then I would sell about 0.5
risk. The issue with that that I found
was that like I was buying it one week
and then like the next week we would go
above 0.5 risk and then I would sell
like 115th of my Bitcoin. Like what am I
doing? You know, this doesn't make
sense. And then the next week it would
drop right back down. I'd buy it back.
I'm like this this makes absolutely no
sense. I'm not going to I'm not a day
trader here. I'm not a swing trader. I'm
not trying to nickel and dime Bitcoin.
So what I ended up doing last cycle was
I bought up to 0.4 for risk. As I
explained many times over the last
several years, you can look up risk
metric and look at all these videos
we've had. I've published them like
every year for the last six years. I DTA
up to point4 risk and I didn't take
profits until above 6 risk. And so I
created this like gray region. So I I
buy up to a certain risk level. I do
nothing for certain risk levels and then
above another risk level I start
selling. So the argument could simply be
that if this cycle I buy up to.3 risk
then perhaps I do absolutely nothing
between.3 and 6 and then above 6 I might
start to scale out slowly. You might say
well why scale out at all? Well look at
what last cycle every every spike barely
got above that 6 risk level got around
those levels and so those were the times
to ultimately DCA out. I know at the
time it wasn't a popular view, but
that's what that's what happened. And
really, when you look at Bitcoin valued
against other assets besides fiat, it
topped out in 2024. The valuation of
Bitcoin against gold topped out in
December 2024.
So, you could argue that in the last
market cycle, in the last four-ear cycle
for Bitcoin, it wasn't even really a
great investment after 2024 because 2025
just ended up being this massive
distribution phase just like 2021 was a
massive distribution phase.
So,
that is how I navigate crypto, right?
That is what I do. I dynamic DCA based
on the risk metric.
That's what I do. And in this case, I
applied sort of a timebased
capitulation.
And what I mean is I I did not buy
Bitcoin back in February when we first
briefly went below.3 risk. It was
because I was applying timebased
capitulation. I thought February was far
too early in the midterm year to call
the low, especially when the supply and
profit and loss hadn't even crossed yet.
We hadn't gone below the realized price.
We still haven't gone below the realized
price. But none of like a lot of that
stuff hadn't happened. I'm like, there's
just not a good chance. There's no way
that February is the low, right? We
likely will at least go slightly lower
than that in June like how we went
slightly lower than that in June of
2018. So,
but now
as we get into the second half of the
midterm year, there's a good chance that
Bitcoin bottoms out. Okay. In terms of
the odds of like when October seems the
most likely outcome, could happen
sooner, could happen later. Let me give
you an example. If Bitcoin risk were to
nuke to 0.1 tomorrow, do you think I
would wait until October to flip
bullish? Absolutely not. Right.
Absolutely not. I would pivot in a
heartbeat. In a heartbeat,
but I can't count on that. Like, I can't
count on a massive capitulation. What if
it doesn't happen? What if we just spend
the rest of the cycle between 0 2 and 3?
At least I DCA something, you know? So
the way to be successful at Bitcoin is
to just come up with a strategy and
stick to it no matter what. And for me
for the next cycle that especially now
that we've gotten kind of gotten to the
second near the second half of the
midterm year, we're basically in the
process of trying to find the June low
could be that the low is already in. In
some scenarios, it could go lower,
right? like maybe we take out that
realized price which is in the 50s but
that's not historically that's not a bad
time to at least begin thinking about
about DCAing Bitcoin and then if we go
lower I would then increase the DCA so
that if we do go lower I can get my cost
basis as low as possible before the next
bull market begins and that is how I
navigate Bitcoin. If you guys like the
content, make sure you subscribe to the
channel. Give the video a thumbs up. And
if you want more information about this,
again, check out into the cryptoverse
premium at into the cryptoverse.com. We
do have the sale going on right now. You
can get access to these riskmetrics. You
don't have to, right? There's other
things that you can use. You can create
things yourself. I'm not suggesting that
you have to use this one by any stretch
of the imagination. And again, as I said
previously, if the price to ITC would
significantly eat into the amount that
you'd be putting into the market,
there's no reason to get a subscription.
you'd just be better off just DCAing
into the market than getting a
subscription. But you can get a free
subscription and and play around with
some of the DCA tools. And there's a few
few other charts on there as well that
are in fact free. So that's all I would
I want to say about that. And I've said
that every year basically for the last
six years uh seven years, right? if it
or six years if it if it's represents a
large amount of your dollar cost average
amount then you would be far better off
you know just DCAing into the market
than than going out and buying
subscriptions to stuff that are just
going to basically tell you to do the
same thing with small tweaks. Okay,
let's just be honest, right? Let's keep
it real. All right, those are my views.
Thank you guys for tuning in. Subscribe.
Give the video a thumbs up. I'll see you
guys next time. Bye.